Clarify that logs attributes are a superset of standard attributes (#3852)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/data-model.md

### Field: `Attributes`

Type: [`map<string, any>`](#type-mapstring-any).

Description: Additional information about the specific event occurrence. Unlike
the `Resource` field, which is fixed for a particular source, `Attributes` can
vary for each occurrence of the event coming from the same source. Can contain
information about the request context (other than [Trace Context Fields](#trace-context-fields)).
The log attribute model MUST support [`any` type](#type-any),

> distinct from [Common Attribute](../common/README.md#attribute) (a superset),

Reviewer: There was a comment in the last SIG meeting to not call these "common" attributes. I think the request was something like "standard" attributes.

cc @carlosalberto

Author: Maybe simply?

```suggestion
distinct from [Attribute](../common/README.md#attribute) (a superset),
```

Author: Changing to standard for consistency with https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3858

Reviewer: SGTM :+1:

> distinct from [standard Attribute](../common/README.md#attribute) (a superset),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
distinct from [common `Attribute`s](../common/README.md#attribute) (a subset of log attributes),
```
I'd call it common since that's what we use on that page ("Common specification concepts") and these allow for a _subset_ whereas log attributes are actually the superset.

Reviewer: It was asked in the specification SIG meeting that this was discussed to not call them "common attributes".

Reviewer 2: @MrAlias Oh, thanks! Do you happen to recall the reason?

Reviewer: cc @carlosalberto @dyladan

Author: @arminru, maybe simply

```suggestion
distinct from [standard Attribute](../common/README.md#attribute),
```

 to avoid confusion?

Author: Or

```suggestion
a superset of [standard Attribute](../common/README.md#attribute),
```
